Don't tell me I missed the special
4:00 am. pre-dawn tour.
You know, your current machinations
have forced you to conduct business...
...outside regular business hours.
I suppose I'd ﬁnd it comforting...
...that you're checking up
on every move I make.
What is it you ﬁnd so compelling about
these tunnels abandoned for decades?
I'm spearheading
a water puriﬁcation program.
A research would've assured you
it's public knowledge.
Please, spare me. How long have you
been scouting the tunnels, huh? Months?
There's something down here
important to you...
...more important than
the approval from eco-enthusiasts.
Don't worry, Dad.
l have land to conquer above sea level
before I take on the undemorld.
And what unknown world will be host
to Project Ares?
Hey.
This is a restricted area.
Mr. Luthor, you're right on time.
Do you mind telling me what the hell
you're doing here?
Love to.
In fact, I've already arranged someplace
a little more private.
You need to pack your things
and leave immediately.
I'm calling security.
Invitation only.
Lex!
Dad.
-Make sure they got three over here.
-Mom, what happened?
They just called and said there was
some kind of explosion.
-Lionel, it's Martha and Clark. We're here.
-Lex.
I left Lex a message,
said it's an emergency.
-He's still down there.
-He has to get into the ER.
-Clark. Clark.
-Yeah.
You have to help him.
Lexis being held hostage.
-Do the police know what happened?
-Yes, but there's no time.
-We need to move.
-One second, please?
-Where is Lex?
-He's—
They'll never ﬁnd him,
even if they get through the debris.
It's a maze of tunnels.
You've gotta ﬁnd him, Clark.
He's put something terrible into motion
down there.
Lex is the only one who can stop it.
Let's go.
Welcome back to subcivilization.
What happened to my father?
Not my problem.
Never part of the plan.
What do you want?
My husband.
U.S. Special Forces.
Weapons Sergeant Wes Keenan.
The soldier you plucked
from the battleﬁeld.
LuthorCorp has many subsidiaries,
Ms. Keenan.
I'm fairly certain
human trafﬁcking isn't one of them.
I got notice four months ago
that Wes died...
...when his chopper was shot down
in Afghanistan.
I knew in my heart it wasn't true.
It's hard to accept,
but the heart sometimes lies.
When you love somebody...
...really love them...
...you know when you've lost them.
I don't doubt your love for your husband,
Ms. Keenan.
There was no chopper crash that day.
In fact, there were no chopper crashes
reported that entire month.
And then the military failed
to produce his body.
Uncuff me.
Look, I've got some inﬂuential friends
at the Pentagon. I can help you ﬁnd him.
Yeah. Nice try.
You don't leave the service without learning
a thing or two about reconnaissance.
I used every source I had
until a lead came up with this.
Tell me, Mr. Luthor...
...what does a Fortune 500 company
want with a Green Beret?
Tell me.
It's only a matter of time
before my security gets through.
You should know their policy tends to err
on the side of shoot now, ask later.
Except schematics for these tunnels
don't exist on any city blueprints.
And I've rigged all ﬁve miles with C4.
You see...
...I learned how to be all I could be...
...in explosives ordnance control.
Discharged for having a short fuse.
If you think I'm lying,
why don't you just kill me?
Then I'd be back to square one.
Besides, I'm willing to bet this little project
you're doing down here...
...whatever you're doing with Wes,
it's worth more to you than your life.
You decide.
If I don't speak to Wes in 20 minutes...
...it will all be gone.
What's wrong, Mr. Luthor?
Haven't you ever done anything crazy
for love?
Chloe, any news on Lex?
No. The police captain nixed the rescue
efforts until they can de-bomb the area.
But that could take forever.
Lionel said these tunnels are endless.
Which means Lex and our GI Jane
will be gone before they get through debris.
So Lionel was right.
Lex could die if I don't go down there.
Don't look to me for encouragement.
After what he did to my mom...
...I don't mind the idea of him cohabitating
with the rats for all of eternity.
Trust me, Chloe.
I've had moments where I thought the world
would be a better place without him, but--
You don't get to choose
who you're gonna save.
Not if you're Clark Kent.
Besides, whatever is in those tunnels
may be the ﬁrst step in taking Lex down.
I suggest you beat the bomb squad
to the entrance...
...and human-wrecking ball on your way in
before anyone can see you.
Perfect timing, MacGyver.
You're gonna need those paws
to call Wes.
The phones won't work this deep
in the tunnel system.
Mine will.
Take it.
Without Wes, my life is over.
When you meet someone that can
pull you out of the trenches...
...you don'tjust give up on them.
It's not that easy.
Put him on the phone.
Please. Let me hear his voice.
-I can't call your husband.
-Do you wanna die down here?
Look, we're running out of time.
Dial the damn phone.
He's dead!
Wes didn't die in a crash.
He was shot at close range
by an M60 ﬁrearm.
The bullets pierced his lungs,
his liver and his heart.
LuthorCorp tried to save him with an
experimental procedure, but it was too late.
Look, your husband endured
a prolonged and unsettling death.
I'm
sorry
But the lie was easier than the truth.
No.
Deactivate the explosives.
Let's both get out of here alive.
It's preprogrammed.
I won't stop them
just like you can't stop this.
I'm glad you came, Lana.
Any word on Lex?
Not yet.
I can't imagine what's going
through your mind...
...but I know it would mean a lot
to Lionel that you're here.
Maybe some tea will help
with the nerves.
Let me go. I could use some air.
I wanna see him.
I'm sorry, but the patient's
being prepped for surgery.
You don't understand.
My husband is missing,
and Lionel is the last person who saw him.
You know, I realize this is an incredibly—
Doctor, if my husband doesn't survive...
...the man lying in that room is the only
family I have left.
Please, just one minute.
One minute.
I understand you're in a lot of pain.
Good.
You knew what Lex was doing to me.
Orchestrating a fake pregnancy
and making me believe that I lost a baby.
And you still trapped me in a marriage
with him.
I didn't know then what Lex--
Save your oxygen.
You wouldn't wanna jeopardize
your surgery.
With Lex missing, it turns out that I'm
in charge of your medical decisions today.
Looks like I'm not the only one
who's trapped.
Why did you threaten to use Clark's
weakness against him if I didn't marry Lex?
Tell me.
If I killed you right now, I'd be free.
Give me one reason why I shouldn't.
I'm protecting Clark.
Mrs. Luthor, we need to take him
to surgery now.
Captain, Lex Luthor's Porsche
was parked at the tunnel entrance.
We searched the vehicle and found this
in the trunk. It might hold some answers.
Thank you, ofﬁcer.
-That's part of a crime scene.
-We need to take that case as evidence.
Of course, as soon as I see your warrant
to search my husband's vehicle.
Please, call me as soon as you have
any news.
Lex?
Lex.
Clark?
What are you doing here?
Your dad sent me.
He's alive?
And you got through
when nobody else could.
No one else is trying, Lex.
Police called off the rescue team when they
found this place was rigged with explosives.
The entire tunnel system is scheduled
to detonate in 14 minutes.
Is there a way to deactivate it?
If you're trained in plastic explosives,
be my guest.
Come on.
Clark.
Can you see me?
All right, be sure I'm in the frame.
-All right.
-You got the background too?
-Yes.
-Great.
Greetings from Patagonia,
the most beautiful place on earth.
-What is that?
-What?
I don't see anything.
You were the last person I ever expected
to be pulling shrapnel out of.
I saw what happened when I
stabbed you with that chisel, Clark.
The thing accordioned
like it hit solid rock.
I don't know why I needed to believe
that you were more than human.
Nothing's ever good enough for you, Lex.
Yeah, well, the truth would have been.
You may be ﬂesh and blood...
...but you've been hiding secrets
from me since we met.
You never trusted me.
Would it have mattered?
What are you really doing down here
anyway, Lex?
Trying to ﬁnd ways to exploit the people
that have different abilities than you?
There's no gray area with you, is there?
It's either all good or all evil.
Did you even try to see my humanity
before you decided I had none?
I did, Lex. And look where we are.
Clark, come on.
Clark.
Come on.
What are you waiting for? Let's go.
Clark, come on.
Come on. Get up.
Hey, Clark, it's me again.
Where are you?
I feel like your stalker ex-girlfriend,
even though I was never your girlfriend.
It was an analogy, a bad one.
I'm sorry. This is awkward.
Okay, call me. Bye.
Hold up. That second blast dropped
another 10 feet of rubble.
Does that mean
you haven't found Lex Luthor?
Have you found anyone yet?
The inner tunnels caved.
After those explosions
the area is completely unstable.
There's no way anyone's
getting in there by hand.
What's on your vest?
Dust, from meteor rocks.
It's all over the place down there.
It's another dead-end.
We have to try another tunnel.
Lex, these ceilings aren't gonna
hold out much longer.
We have to go back.
You know we don't have time for that.
Something tells me no one else knows
about these tunnels.
If by no one you mean Lana...
...l'm sorry, but I don't bore her
with the daily minutiae of my work.
You mean you don't trust her.
I know that's what you've
always wanted to believe.
But Lana's the ﬁrst person in my life
I actually do trust.
Then why'd you do it, Lex?
Do what?
Why'd you force her to marry you?
I saw Lana the day of the wedding.
She was gonna leave you.
What'd you do to her?
I don't know.
The answer must have gotten lost
in that dark abyss we call my soul.
I mean, what would I know about holding
my breath before a congregation?
Praying the love of my life
wouldn't leave me at the altar.
Not being sure on that day was
the hardest thing I've ever had to endure.
Now, you can believe that or not.
I stopped expecting you to act
like a friend a long time ago.
Were we ever really friends, Lex?
I don't know.
I have nothing to compare it to.
You were the only real friend
I've ever had, Clark.
Then somewhere along the way,
you saw me as your nemesis...
...and turned your back on me.
Lex, get this off of me.
Don't leave me here.
Lex!
Lex.
Hey.
I've been calling you all morning.
I thought you'd be with search and rescue.
I thought I'd be more useful here.
Any news?
No, that's the problem.
Because I'm not a Luthor...
...no one will talk to me.
What have they told you?
That they'll tell me
when they know something.
Damn it.
Clark went into those tunnels a little while
ago and I haven't heard from him since.
Clark's down there?
He went down to help.
And now even the bomb squad
can't ﬁnd a way in.
But he'll be okay, right?
I don't know.
But he's--
I mean, he's Clark.
Lana, whatever it is that you know or think
you know about Clark, he's not invincible.
-He has a--
-Weakness.
Look, Lana...
...he will die if we don't ﬁnd a way
in there soon.
I think I know another way in.
Exactly when did you learn how
to pole-vault over Lex's ﬁrewall?
If Lex was gonna
look over my shoulder...
...it was time for me
to start looking over his.
Are those the blueprints for the tunnels?
You were sitting on the Holy Grail
all morning and you didn't tell anyone?
I thought you said
there wasn't much time.
Did you really think I was gonna
let you die alone down here, Clark?
I guess you never knew me at all.
The last cave-in exposed a hatch.
Come on.
Go.
We got two. We got two.
Good book?
I prefer nonﬁction. Much more exciting.
I hear Lex made it out unscathed.
You must be thrilled.
Both the Luthors alive and well.
I'm not here to talk about Lex.
What I want right now are answers.
First you tell me that you're gonna
kill Clark if I don't marry Lex.
And now you're telling me
that you're protecting him?
What the hell is going on?
Clark is a very lucky young man...
...to have someone
that loves him the way you do.
Your love was the only thing that I could
use to keep Clark out of harm's way.
And you close to Lex.
I don't understand.
What harm?
What's Lex doing
and why am I a part of it?
You must trust me, Lana...
...because Clark's life depends on it.
I wonder how Martha Kent
would handle hearing...
...that you used her son
as a bargaining chip.
Tell me what you know.
Well, I see you've embraced wholeheartedly
what it means to be a Luthor.
Chloe.
I've X-rayed these tunnels a dozen times.
They seem to lead to Reeves Dam.
Maybe so, but if Lex was willing to go up
against Tomb Raider for them...
...I can't retire my reporter's
notebook just yet.
I don't understand
how you thought to come here.
-Lex said no one knew those tunnels, even—
-Lana?
She led search and rescue out here?
I guess I had it all wrong.
This whole time I thought that Lex
had forced her into that marriage...
...but now I don't think he did.
Don't give up on your hunch
just yet, Clark.
Lana knew about the entrance
to those tunnels the whole time...
...and it wasn't until she heard you're down
there that she magically produced them.
Lana was gonna let Lex die down there?
I think the Luthor mansion
has a lot more secrets than we realize.
The police found this.
I guess they really wanted to get into it.
I took it away from them
as fast as I could.
Thank you.
Well, I'm gonna cuddle up with a movie.
Any genre preference?
I think I'll pass.
Okay. Well, good night.
Did you see Clark on our wedding day
and tell him you didn't wanna marry me?
Did you?
Yes.
But only because I needed
someone to talk to.
I knew there was something wrong
with the baby. I could feel it.
I thought you wouldn't love me.
And I didn't wanna lie.
I wanted to say something.
I did.
But you loved our baby so much.
Just one look at our nursery...
...and I knew that you had
an entire life planned.
School.
Play dates.
How we were gonna be
the best parents in the world.
But how could I stand at that altar,
in front of all of those people...
...and say that everything
was gonna be okay...
...when I knew something
was seriously wrong?
What kind of a person
would lie like that?
Nothing could have stopped me
from loving you.
Nothing.
That's why I married you.
I wish I was that strong.
If someone lied to me like that,
they would lose my love forever.
I don't know what I did to deserve you.
You didn't come in for dinner.
I thought you might be hungry.
Thanks, I didn't realize how late it was.
Any idea what Lex and Lionel
were doing in those tunnels?
Itjust doesn't add up.
I mean, we have budgets, funding,
plans, construction.
It's almost as if Lex was--
Building a water puriﬁcation system.
Maybe this is the one time Lex
was actually telling the truth.
Clark, what really happened down there?
When Lex pulled me out of that rubble...
...I saw a glimpse
of something I hadn't seen in years.
My friend.
I know you two went through a lot.
But so much has happened.
Sometimes, as hard as it is,
you have to let go.
But you didn't.
After everything that Lionel's done,
you stood by him today.
That doesn't mean I trust him.
I wish I could.
And even though I honestly believe
he's made an effort...
...no one can completely change
who they are.
But at least you gave him that chance.
Mom, what if part of who Lex is...
...is because of me?
What if I gave up on him too soon?
You'll never give up on anyone, Clark.
Because your greatest strength
might also be your greatest weakness.
Your hope.
You'll be pleased to hear
the prototype is just days...
...from reaching
its fullest functioning capacities.
Thanks to your wife,
I almost died for you.
Let's hope there's nothing
you can't do for me.
[ENGLISH]